tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaaataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttaattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattttttattttatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaatta aacggcact
tttttttttttttttttattttttttattttttttttttaa agcggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattattatttattta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattaaaaaaa aacggcact
§§§§§§§§§§§§§ aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattatatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaataaaaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttatttttta agcggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataataataata aacggccct
ttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttataa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataataataata aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaaataaataaaataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaata aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattttatttaattattttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttatttatttataaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaataaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaaataaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaataaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataa aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaattt aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataataataata aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaaatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataattaattaataaaataaaattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaataaaataaaattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatata aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaattt aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaataaaaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattatataattta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaata aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattataataaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaattaaatataataataataata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattttttaattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttttttttattttttttattttttttttttaa agcggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttata aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatttattatttaa aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattttt aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaattt aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaa aacggcact
tttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataataata aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattttttattttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttttatattattttatta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataataaata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatatattata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataattatttat aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttatt aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttttatattattttatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaataaaattaatttttta aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattttttaattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttttatattattttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaaaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatatatata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaatttttaatttaataataata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataataataata aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttttaaaaaat aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttattta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaataattaaataaaattaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataaaataattta aacggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattaaaaaat aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttaataaaataaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaaaaaaataaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaatat aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatatataa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaattt aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaaataaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattta aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatatattata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttatatattattttttttttatta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataaaaaa aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaatttataa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataaaaaa aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaataa aatggcacc
tttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatata aacggccct
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaataaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatata aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaatttttta aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaataaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaataaaataaaattaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatatattata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaataaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataattta aacggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttttatattattttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaata aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatatattata aacggcact
tttttttttttttttttatattttttattta agcggcact
tttttttttttttttttattattttttttttaa agcaacacc
ttttttttttttttttttttttta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttttttttttattttttta agcggcact
tttttttttta agcggcacc
tttttttttttttttttttttttta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattataaatatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattaaaaaaattaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttattttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttttttttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattttatattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaatataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttatttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaattaaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaataa AATGGCACC
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaata AATGGCACC
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaatata AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatatttaataaataatat aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataatattattaaaatataatatataata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatatttttattataaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaataaataaaataaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttatattattaaattaaaataaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaatatatatata aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaatatat AATGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaataaaa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttatt AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataaaaaaaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaatattttaatattttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatattatttttattatttaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataaaaaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataattatt AATGGCACC
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaaaaaa AATGGCACC
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaataaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatataaaataaaataatatt aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaataa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataata AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttatttttttttaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaa AACGGCCCT
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttttttttaaaaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataata aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaataaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataaatataatatt AACGGCACT
ttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttttttattttattaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattatatattattataattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttatt aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatatattatatatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttaatatttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttattatatattatttttattatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaata AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttataaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatttattatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataaaaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttttttttattattttttttttta agcaatacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa AACGGCATT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaa AACGGCCCT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatataaa AACGGCCCT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattatataaaatatataa AATGGCACC
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaataaataaaataaaaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttta aacggcact
tttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttttattaaaaataatataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataatataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaattttttaattaatttttaaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataaaa aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattatttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatataattata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatatattatatatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttaatatttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattatatatataattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataaa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaata aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttattaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaaaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatatttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaaaataaaataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatataataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatattttttttttattatatatttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaatataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaatataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaaaataaataaaataaata aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaataaataaatataataa aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatattaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaataatat aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatatata aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaata aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttttta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattattatttatttaaataaata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaaaaaaaaataata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaatttttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatatatttttttttttattataaata aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaataatataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattttttattttattataaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaata aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataa aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaataaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaatttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatatataaata aacggccct
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaaatataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaaataaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatataaaa aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattataattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatattatttttattaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattttatatatttttataaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaatatatatta aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatatata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaatttttaatttaataataat aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttaatatatattattttttttaaaaaatttttaatttaataataataaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataaataataatattaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatatatatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattta aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatttattatttaa aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatatata aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaataatatt aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttattatatattatttttttatttaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattaaatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttattattatatatataaaataaaattatataaaatatattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataatataaataataa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaataaaatttta aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattatatttttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatataaaaaaaaaaattaattaaaataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaaaatttaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatatattatatatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttaatatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatataaaataaaattatataaaatatattaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttaatttttaattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatatatattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaa aacggccct
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattatttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaatataaataaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttattatatattattttttaattaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattaatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattattaaaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaataaataaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatatattatatatttttttttttattatatattattttttatataatatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaattattattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaataattaataattaaatta aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattatatat AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttatt AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattattaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattattaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttatat AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaataa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatatataaatataatatataaataaataaaataaatataaatataaa AATGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattttta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattttatat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaataataaaataaaa AATGGCACC
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttttttattta ggcaacacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttttta aacggcact
ttttttta agcggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattattttta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatattata aatggcacc
tttttttttttttttttttttttttttta aacggcact
tttttttaatattaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttta ggcaacacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttat aacggcact
ttttttttatattatattata aatggcacc
tttttttttttttttttttttttttttta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatata aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatattttatta aacggcact
tttttttttattttttattttttttta agcggcacc
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttaattattttta agcggcacc
ttttttta aatggcacc
tttttttttata agcggcacc
tttttttttttttttttttattttttta agcggcact
tttttttttttttttttttattttttta agcggcact
tttttta aatggcacc
tttttttttattttttatttatttttata agcggcacc
ttttttta aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaataataaaatatta AACGGCCCT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaataaaatatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataaaaaaaaata AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatattattttaa AACGGCACC
tttttttttttattatatatattattaa AACGGCACC
tttttttttttattatatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatattattttaataaaaaaaaaaaaaa AACGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatataaaaaaaa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatattattttaataaaaaaaaaaaaaa AACGGCACC
ttttttttttattatatattattaa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatttatataataa AACGGCCCT
ttttttttttttattatataaaaaaaa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatatattattaa AACGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatataaaaaattaaaataa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttttttttaaaataaataa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattattaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttttttttaaaaaaaatatatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatataaaaaattaaaataa AACGGCCCT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattttttttttaaataaataat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattaaaaaaattaaaaaa aatggcacc
tttttttttttattatatattattattttttttttattatatatttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttttta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttttta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttatatta AATGGCACC
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatta AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttttta AACGGCACT
ttttttttttattatatattatttaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattattatttttttttttattaataataaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatatattattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattttttttttttaatat aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatattttattatataataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaataataa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattattttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaatatata aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaaaaataaataaaataaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttatttttttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttatttaaa aacggcact
ttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttttttattttattaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcatt
tttttttttttattatatattattttaaaat aacggcact
ttatatattattttttttttatta aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaataaaaaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaaaaataaaaaaaaata aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattattatttatttaaataaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttta aacggccct
tttttttttttattatatatattatatatttttttttttattatatattattttttatttaatatttaa aacggcact
ttttttttaataataataaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaataataataataaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttaattatatattatttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattattaattattatttatttaaaaataaata aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttattaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttattaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttaaaataaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttttattaaaaata aacggcact
ttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattattttttttaaattttttta aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattattttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaaaaaataaataaaataaataa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaataaaataaaattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttattattttttaataa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttttttttaaaaaaaa aacggcact
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttattttaaaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattaaatattaatatta aacggcact
ttttttttatattatatatataaaataaaattaattaattaa aatggcacc
ttttttttttttattatatattattttttaa aacggcact
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttatatattta aacggcact
ttttttttttttttttttta AACGGCACT
tttttttattttttat AACGGCACT
tttttttattttttatat AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttattatattattttattttttattat AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttttta AACGGCACT
tttttttattttttatat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatatttaaaataaa AACGGCACC
tttttttatttttaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatataattaaaat AACGGCACT
tttttttttttattatatattatttttttttttattatatttattatattatttttttta AACGGCACT
ttttttttaatattata AATGGCACC
ttttttttatattatatatatattatatata AATGGCACC
tttttttttttattatatattattttttttttttattatattattttattttttattat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatattata AATGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatatattatttttttaaaa AACGGCACT
tttttttttttttttttattattttttttttttttttttttttttta AGCAATACC
ttttttttttttattta GGCAACACC
tttttttattttttatat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatattata AGCAATACC
tttttttttttttttttattattttttttttaa AATGGCACC
ttttttttaatatta gatggcacc
ttttttttttttattttta agcaacacc
ttttttttatatta aatggcacc
tttttttttttttttattta ggcaacacc
tttttttttatta agcggcacc
ttttttttatattatta aatggcacc
ttttttttattttttat AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatattatatattatattatattat AACGGCACT
ttttttttt GACAACACC
ttttttttatattata AATGGCACC
ttttttta AGCGGCACC
ttttttttttttattatatatttattaaaaaaaaaaaataaaaaata AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttttta AGCGGCACT
ttttttttttttttttttttatatta AACGGCACT
ttttttttatatta AATGGCACC
ttttttttatattatatta AATGGCACC
ttttttttta GGCAACACC
ttttttttttttttttattta GGCAACACC
ttttttttatattatattata AATGGCACC
tttttttaatattatatattatttttttttttattatatattatttaaaaaaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttatattatattata AATGGCACC
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttatttta AGCAACACC
ttttttta AGCGGCACC
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttatttta AGCGACACC
tttttttttttttaa AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttat AACGGCACT
tttttttattttttatat AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatattatatattatattatattat AACGGCACT
tttttttttttttttttttttta GGCAACACC
tttttttttttttttttataaaattattt AACGGCACT
tttttttttttttttttttttttaat AACGGCACT
ttttttttttttattatatattatattatatattatattatattat AACGGCACT
ttttttttatatta aatggcacc
tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttattttta aacggcact
